Document instructions for updating Indexer E2E test input (#906)
algorand/indexer: misc/README.md

| Upload test run artifacts to S3.<br/>* Publishing to S3 streamlines running the tests for other developers and CI.<br />* Request AWS account in #helpdesk and access key creation permission in #devops.                                                                      | Run the s3 copy command provided by `misc/buildtestdata.sh` output.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | Since `make e2e` only runs nightly, validate the next CI run.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | * Find the most recent workflow run including jobs prefixed with `nightly_test_with_go`:  [https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/algorand/indexer?branch=develop&filter=all](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/algorand/indexer?branch=develop&filter=all).<br/>* If successful, confirm the test used the artifact you uploaded.  Click a `nightly_test_with_go` job link, expand _make e2e_ and search for `INFO:util:s3://`.<br />* If unsuccessful, investigate source of error.  If additional help needed, raise in #indexer.  It is _your_ responsibility to ensure the build is fixed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `make e2e` runs on every PR, validate results on the next CI run.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | * Find the most recent workflow which ran after updating the S3 bucket:  [https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/algorand/indexer?branch=develop&filter=all](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/algorand/indexer?branch=develop&filter=all).<br/>* If successful, confirm the test used the artifact you uploaded.  Click a job link, expand _make e2e_ and search for `INFO:util:s3://`.<br />* If unsuccessful, investigate source of error.  If additional help is needed, raise in #indexer.  It is _your_ responsibility to ensure the build is fixed. |
```
